FFWEB-1672 Added information about infinite scroll placeholders and restore scroll position (#256)
FACT-Finder-Web-Components/documentation: markdown/3.x/en/ff-record-list.md

This means than when more than one container is found, only the first will be used.
In case no scrollable container is found, `window` will be used.

### Placeholders
For the time `ff-record-list` loads the records, it can add the placeholders for fill the empty space and increase the size of the scroll container.
This feature might increase application user experience as user sees the blueprint of next records batch almost immediately after he reaches the `[infinite-scroll-margin]`.
As soon as records are ready to be rendered, placeholders are removed and records are put in their place.
It is possible to customize placeholders template by adding `[data-container="infinite-scroll-placeholder"]` to a specific container as shown in the example below.

```html
<ff-record-list infinite-scrolling>
    <ff-record unresolved>
    </ff-record>

    <div data-container="infinite-scroll-placeholder">loading</div>
</ff-record-list>
```

**Note:** Please do not hide or change width and size of placeholders to 0px. This could bring unexpected result to whole functionality.

### Restoring of scroll position

> Infinite scrolling includes built-in mechanism which allows to restore user last scroll position before moving to record page. 
> In order to make it works, `restore-scroll-position` attribute needs to be added to the `ff-record-list` and attribute `[data-redirect]` has to be present inside `ff-record` element. For more information, see the [Tracking](/documentation/3.x/tracking-guide) section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Infinite scrolling includes a built-in mechanism which allows to restore the user's last scroll position before moving to a record page. 
In order to make it work, the `restore-scroll-position` attribute needs to be added to the `ff-record-list` and the `data-redirect` attribute has to be present inside the `ff-record` element. For more information, see the [Tracking](/documentation/3.x/tracking-guide) section.
```

> **Note** Currently restore infinite scrolling works only for SPA application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note** Currently, restoring the infinite scrolling position works only for SPA applications.
```
